docs: add experimental warning banner to NNXTB overview page (#80)
talo/rush-py: docs/nnxtb/overview.md

# Overview | [Use NN-xTB](https://nnxtb.qdx.co)

> > ⚠️ **Experimental Integration** — The NN-xTB integration with RushPy is currently experimental. You will likely encounter errors or unexpected behaviour.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ⚠️ **Experimental Integration** — The NN-xTB integration with RushPy is currently experimental. Contact QDX or file a bug report if you encounter unexpected behavior!
```

Reviewer: Just wanna soften this
